Q1. Why do we call Python as a general purpose and high-level programming language?

Ans-Python is general purpose because it is used in many real time application development.For Example-
          1-Development of Gaming Applications.
          2- Web Application development
          3- Data Visualization  etc..
In Python Programming Languages, Even we represent the data in lower level data like Binary, Octal and Hexa decimal , the High Level Programming Languages automatically converts into Decimal number System data, which is understanble by Programmers and end-users   and python is one High Level Programming Language.

Q2. Why is Python called a dynamically typed language?
ans-In python Programming the programer nned not specify the data type and whose data type is dynamically Assigned by the Python Execution Enviroment .
So it is called dynamically typed language..

Q3. List some pros and cons of Python programming language?
ans-Pro-
          1.python has large Community.
          2.It is Simple to use.
          3.It provide large Libraries
          4.High level programming language
          5.dynamically typed
          6.Both functional and object oriented programming language.
     cons-
          1.it is little bit slower than complied language
          2.Python programming language take large memory Consumption
          3.Python programming language weak in databases access layers

Q4. In what all domains can we use Python?
    1.Development of Gaming Applications
    2.Web Application development
    3.Data Visualization 
    4.Bussiness Application
    5.Data Analysis and Data Analytics
    6.Automation of Testing


Q5. What are variable and how can we declare them?
ans-A variable is notthing bt it a value which is enter by the end user in real time project.
     A variable is the combination of alphabate,number.digit,and special symbol(_)
     for Example=  x=10
                    _i1=50
                    sal123=33.33

Q6. How can we take an input from the user in Python?
ans-In python programing There is keyword call "input()" which is take input from user.
   for Example-
               x=input("Enter ur Name")

Q7. What is the default datatype of the value that has been taken as an input using input() function?
1- default datatype of the value that has been taken as an input using input() function are 
               1-int()
               2-float()
               3-bool()
               4-real()
               5-dir()